Add more verbose docs and clean up examples (#344)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/features/step-fixtures.md

> # Step Fixtures

Reviewer: Just a comment, but this is the first time I come across this term 'fixture' in ZenML. I wonder whether we want to think about whether we want to do that? Is it a common term? (Esp if we are building for data scientists)

Whether defining steps using the [Functional API](../guides/functional-api) or [Class-based API](../guides/class-based-api), 
there are some special parameters that can be passed into a step function, which serve different needs.

* A `StepContext` object: This object gives access to the artifact store, metadata store, materializers, and special 
integration-specific libraries.
* An object which is a subclass of `BaseStepConfig`: This object is used to pass run-time parameters to a pipeline run. It can 
be used to send parameters to a step that are not artifacts.

These special parameters are similar to [pytest fixtures](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/fixture.html), and so we borrow that 
nomenclature for ZenML: We call them `Step Fixtures`.

> `Step Fixtures` are simple to use: Simply pass a parameter in with the right type hint as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Step fixtures` are simple to use: Simply pass a parameter in with the right type hint as follows:
```

I think we need to decide whether the F of fixture is capitalised or not.

> ## Using fixtures in Functional API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using fixtures in the Functional API
```

```python
@step
def my_step(
    context: StepContext,
    config: SubClassBaseStepConfig,  # subclass of `BaseStepConfig`
    artifact: str,  # all other parameters are artifacts, coming from upstream steps
):
    ...
```

> ## Use fixtures in Class-based API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using fixtures in the Class-based API
```
To keep it consistent with the above example

```python
class MyStep(BaseStep):
    def entrypoint(
        self,
        context: StepContext,
        config: SubClassBaseStepConfig,  # subclass of `BaseStepConfig`
        artifact: str,  # all other parameters are artifacts, coming from upstream steps
    ):
        ...
```

> Please note in both examples above that the name of the parameter can be anything, but the typehint is what is important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note in both examples above that the name of the parameter can be anything, but the type hint is what is important.
```

## Using the `StepContext`

`StepContext` provides additional context inside a step function.  It is used to access materializers and artifact URIs inside a step function. 

You do not need to create a StepContext object yourself and pass it when creating the step, as long as you specify 

> it in the signature ZenML will create the `StepContext` and automatically pass it when executing your step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it in the signature. ZenML will create the `StepContext` and automatically pass it when executing your step.
```

Note: When using a StepContext inside a step, ZenML disables caching for this step by default as the context provides 
access to external resources which might influence the result of your step execution. 

> To enable caching anyway, explicitly enable it in the @step decorator or when initializing your custom step class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable caching anyway, explicitly enable it in the `@step` decorator or when initializing your custom step class.
```

> Within a step, there are many things that you can use the `StepContext` object for. E.g.: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a step, there are many things for which you can use the `StepContext` object. For example: 
```

```python
@enable_INTEGRATION  # can be `enable_whylogs`, `enable_mlflow` etc. 
@step
def my_step(
    context: StepContext,
):
    context.get_output_materializer()  # Returns a materializer for a given step output.
    context.get_output_artifact_uri()  # Returns the URI for a given step output.
    context.metadata_store  # Access to the [Metadata Store](https://apidocs.zenml.io/latest/api_docs/metadata_stores/)
    context.INTEGRATION  # Access to an integration, e.g. `context.whylogs`
```

For more information, check the [API reference](https://apidocs.zenml.io/latest/api_docs/steps/)

## Using the `BaseStepConfig`

Unlike `StepContext`, we cannot pass in the `BaseStepConfig` directly to a step, but config instances can actually be 
passed when creating a step. 

We first need to sub-class it:

```python
from zenml.steps import BaseStepConfig

class MyConfig(BaseStepConfig):
    param_1: int = 1
    param_2: str = "one"
    param_3: bool = True
```

> Behind the scenes, this class is essentially a [pydantic BaseModel](https://pydantic-docs.helpmanual.io/usage/models/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behind the scenes, this class is essentially a [Pydantic BaseModel](https://pydantic-docs.helpmanual.io/usage/models/). 
```

> Therefore, any type that [pydantic supports](https://pydantic-docs.helpmanual.io/usage/types/) is supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, any type that [Pydantic supports](https://pydantic-docs.helpmanual.io/usage/types/) is supported. 
```

You can then pass it in a step as follows:

```python
@step
def my_step(
    config: MyConfig,
    ...
):
    config.param_1, config.param_2, config.param_3
```

> If all properties in `MyConfig` has default values, then that is already enough. If they don't all have default values, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all properties in `MyConfig` have default values, then that is already enough. If they don't all have default values, 
```

it in the signature ZenML will create the `StepContext` and automatically pass it when executing your step.

Note: When using a StepContext inside a step, ZenML disables caching for this step by default as the context provides 
access to external resources which might influence the result of your step execution. 
To enable caching anyway, explicitly enable it in the @step decorator or when initializing your custom step class.

Within a step, there are many things that you can use the `StepContext` object for. E.g.: 

```python
@enable_INTEGRATION  # can be `enable_whylogs`, `enable_mlflow` etc. 
@step
def my_step(
    context: StepContext,
):
    context.get_output_materializer()  # Returns a materializer for a given step output.
    context.get_output_artifact_uri()  # Returns the URI for a given step output.
    context.metadata_store  # Access to the [Metadata Store](https://apidocs.zenml.io/latest/api_docs/metadata_stores/)
    context.INTEGRATION  # Access to an integration, e.g. `context.whylogs`
```

For more information, check the [API reference](https://apidocs.zenml.io/latest/api_docs/steps/)

> ## Using the `BaseStepConfig`

Reviewer 2: Not sure if that is something that we should mention in this exact place, but there is one key difference between the `BaseStepConfig` and the `StepContext`. The `StepContext` can never be passed manually by the user and is therefore treated like an actual pytest fixture, but config instances can actually be passed when creating a step. Additionally, just using the config as a fixture without passing an instance only works if every attribute has a default value or gets sets using a config file.

Author: Resolved!
